INTRO:
Client came up with the idea, Serendipity: where a user can go to a specific place and listen to a sound that reminds them
of a special memory. 
A user can be notified when they are within __ that they are close to a certain place with a sound. 
We then decided to build her an android application which would perform this task.
BODY:
The first thing we did was:
Client-Server

With the sign in and Registration, we realized that we would need some type of content management system to keep track
of the different users, session information, among other things. So the task here was to figure out whether we were going
to create our own web service or use an existing one. We decided to go with the challenge of using Drupal and its array of web 
services. 
We used RESTful services from Drupal to allow us to perform the login as well as other CRUD options which are mapped to
POST, GET, PUT and DELETE requests. With these web services, we can perform the login and  registration, and users can 
upload their sounds and CRUD.

We use GPS to track the location of a user and also calculate the distance the user is from the nearest sound and when the 
user is within a certain radius they receive a notification (200m) and when they're at 10m they have the option to listen 
to the sound.
The user can only listen to the sound of that particular area.(Example). So this way we keep the objective the client 
gave us.

The Map supports the user in finding locations of sounds etc. This was realized using Google Maps API

Create async tasks for communication with server: Like feature, download


CONCLUSION:
This was a big learning experience for us because we were novices in Drupal at the beginning but we learned to use it to 
perform the clients wishes.
From this course we learned, through Agile methodology, how to produce a business product and work together as a group,
and build our communication skills both amongst ourselves and with our client.
We've been able to...